K8s Orion release branch (#2334)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/release-notes/k8s-6-4-2-4.md

## Images

* **Redis Enterprise**: `redislabs/redis:6.4.2-43`
* **Operator**: `redislabs/operator:6.4.2-4`
* **Services Rigger**: `redislabs/k8s-controller:6.4.2-4`

### OpenShift images

* **Redis Enterprise**: `registry.connect.redhat.com/redislabs/redis-enterprise:6.4.2-43.rhel8-openshift`
    (or `redislabs/redis-enterprise:6.4.2-43.rhel7-openshift` if upgrading from RHEL 7)
* **Operator**: `registry.connect.redhat.com/redislabs/redis-enterprise-operator:6.4.2-4`s
* **Services Rigger**: `registry.connect.redhat.com/redislabs/services-manager:6.4.2-4`

### OpenShift OLM bundles

* Redis Enterprise operator bundle version: `v6.4.2-4.0`

## Upgrade to 6.4.2-4

This release uses a new `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` resource that replaces the old webhook resource. To use the 6.4.2-4 release, delete the old webhook resource and apply the new file.

1. Delete the existing `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` on the Kubernetes cluster (named `redb-admission`).

    ```sh
    kubectl delete ValidatingWebhookConfiguration redb-admission
    ```

1. Apply the resource from the new file.

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f deploy/admission/webhook.yaml
    ```

## New features

> * Cluster-level LDAP configuration support in REC (RED-83533)

Reviewer: Please check Rachel's latest RN for formatting and apply the same for consistency. Doesn't have to be for this push. Update later if you can.

|                         |            | deprecated | supported  | supported  |            |            |

\* Support added in this release

## Active-Active preview known limitations

* No support for Hashicorp Vault for storing secrets (RED-95805)
* No module support (RED-95153)
* No support for client certificates in secrets (RED-95724)
* No support for backup configuration (RED-95724)
* No support for upgrading the database Redis version
* REAADB secret status isn't updated in source cluster (RED-96296)

  The workaround is to view the secret status in one of the remote clusters.
* Invalid REAADB is not rejected by admission might get deleted after apply. (RED-96300)

  Fix the problems with the REAADB and reapply. Contact support if you aren't sure why the REAADB is invalid.
* Admission is not blocking REAADB with `shardCount` which exceeds license quota. (RED-96301)

  Fix the problems with the REAADB and reapply.
* RERC resources must have a unique name (`<rec-name>/<rec-namespace>`). (RED-96302)

* Only global database options are supported, not support for specifying configuration per location.

> * Can't automatically update the cluster secret via the operator (can be updated manually)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can't automatically update the cluster secret via the operator (can be updated manually).
```

> * No support for migration from old (manual) Active-Active database method to new Active-Active controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No support for migration from old (manual) Active-Active database method to new Active-Active controller.
```

## Known limitations

* Long cluster names cause routes to be rejected  (RED-25871)

>   A cluster name longer than 20 characters will result in a rejected route configuration because the host part of the domain name will exceed 63 characters. The workaround is to limit the cluster name to 20 characters or fewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A cluster name longer than 20 characters will result in a rejected route configuration because the host part of the domain name exceeds 63 characters. The workaround is to limit the cluster name to 20 characters or fewer.
```

* REC clusters fail to start on Kubernetes clusters with unsynchronized clocks (RED-47254)

  When REC clusters are deployed on Kubernetes clusters with unsynchronized clocks, the REC cluster does not start correctly. The fix is to use NTP to synchronize the underlying K8s nodes.
* Deleting an OpenShift project with an REC deployed may hang (RED-47192)

  When an REC cluster is deployed in a project (namespace) and has REDB resources, the REDB resources must be deleted first before the REC can be deleted. Therefore, until the REDB resources are deleted, the project deletion will hang. The fix is to delete the REDB resources first and the REC second. Then, you can delete the project.
* Hashicorp Vault integration - no support for Gesher (RED-55080)

  There is no workaround at this time.
* REC might report error states on initial startup (RED-61707)

  There is no workaround at this time except to ignore the errors.
* PVC size issues when using decimal value in spec (RED-62132)

  The workaround for this issue is to make sure you use integer values for the PVC size.

> * Following old revision of quick start guide causes issues creating an REDB due to unrecognized memory field name (RED-69515)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Following the previous quick start guide version causes issues with creating an REDB due to unrecognized memory field name (RED-69515)
```
